remove C prefix from capability mode load/store/atomics (#87)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/insns/amo_32bit.adoc

include::atomic_exceptions.adoc[]

> Prerequisites for AMO<OP>.W, AMO<OP>.D::
> {cheri_base_ext_name}, and A, or +
> {cheri_legacy_ext_name}, and A
> 
> Prerequisites for AMO<OP>.W, AMO<OP>.D::

Reviewer: This looks wrong to me now since there is an empty duplicate heading.

Maybe the header should
```suggestion
Prerequisites for Capability Mode AMO<OP>.W, AMO<OP>.D::
{cheri_base_ext_name}, and A

Prerequisites for Legacy Mode AMO<OP>.W, AMO<OP>.D::
{cheri_legacy_ext_name}, and A
```
